Welcome to Section 17 on real time applications with node j s in this section.
You're gonna build the fourth and final app for the class.
That is our chat application.
So with a chat application and other apps like it we need real time data transfer.
So as soon as User 1 sends a message.
User 2 should be able to see it.
We want as little delay as possible between user 1 sending the message and user to seeing it.
So to get that done we are going to create a real time no J.S. app and along the way we'll be exploring
web sockets and the very popular socket dot I O library that's going to give us everything we need to
set up real time apps with node j s so let's go ahead and get started.